Monster series 2 season 49 series
and the series is called the first kiss
how many monsters at a party
hello carla hello skeleton
go through thank you Dr. Kanla Skele
can i invite you to dance
oh of course doctor carlisle you are fine
dancing and doctor carlisle in principle
when everything you do thanks skate
I try they look great and so
happy for the skeleton and I agree with you
Katie in my opinion we have formed a new
a couple in monster school
whom do you mean he is back sweet
a couple of hidden Carlisle class in my
i will be hee this is my mother-in-law
why did you decide so it seems to me that
they have a relationship with your father
but in that case I'll be glad you are the nipples
fly great friends
skeletal can be carried home yes of course
Dr. Carlisle the more I fear myself
walk in the dark well send excellent
evening alp clip I got a speck
eye see everything now everything is fine
Skeleton you have such gentle hands
thank you doctor carlisle you confused me
sorry i don't know how to play guitar
if I could have dedicated a song to you
I was even more embarrassed and you are so
honey when you hesitate thanks for
compliments
Well, we already came, I have to go, not
it was nice to spend time with you not
also doctor carlisle can move on to you
but I do not know Carlisle while Carlisle oh
wait I can say something in my ear
speak more precisely speak
You embarrassed me autumn Carla
I have long wanted to do this continuation
follows if you want to continue something
write about this bottom comments